Are you pretending to be addicted?
Xiaolong, why don't you apologize?
Tell everyone that it was just a joke.
Therefore, I did not lie.
The natural truth will not be revealed tomorrow
That being the case
Tomorrow I will know
Jumping beam clowns are ultimately difficult to achieve elegance
Uncle Jay, I'm leaving first
This has obviously given you a chance to apologize
I'm just rushing to lose face here
Xiao Rong
Don't think too much
I'm going to give you time to talk about it.
No, just meet tomorrow.
I'm going back first
It's all this time
Use that crap
Do you know you're exposed?
So I dare not come
Just because he wants to help me arrange it in the middle ringgit
He didn't dare
It's normal for him not to come.
Okay, Ruxin has to go to work in a while
Don't wait for him, he doesn't dare to come, what else do you say?
Tell him to be honest in the future and don't talk big
I feel sick when I see him now
Let's go in then!
aunt
Come so early
Shen Rong, you came here on purpose today
For you to pretend to be my credit
This stupid thing to apologize for
I didn't say it.
You are so thick-skinned
You can't do that.
Xiao Rong
You apologize to Mr. Xu, what's the matter?
I'm not wrong
Why apologize?
Shen Rong
I know you hate me for being better than you everywhere
But you can't be so shameless.
Take my credit
Or are you really going to take us into neutral?
immediately
Is it hard to get in?